TF - Team Foundation Version Control Tool, Version 10.0.30319.1
Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation.  All rights reserved.

Type tf help <command name> for command line description.
Type tf msdn <command name> for full documentation in Microsoft Document
Explorer.

Commands:
tf add         Adds new files and folders from a local file system location
               to Team Foundation version control.

tf branch      Copies an item or set of items, including metadata and version
               control history, from one location to another on the Team
               Foundation version control server and in the local workspace.

tf branches    Displays the history of a branch for a specified file or folder.

tf changeset   Displays information about a changeset and lets you change the
               associated attributes, such as comments and check-in notes.

tf checkin     Commits pending changes in the current workspace to Team
               Foundation version control.

tf checkout    Makes the local file writable and changes its pending Change
               status to "edit" in the workspace. Edit is an alias for the
               Checkout command.

tf certificates  Configures how client authentication certificates are
                 used when connecting to TFS through a secure connection.

tf configure   Enables an administrator to view and change the following
               configuration settings for a team project in the Source Control
               Settings dialog box:
               - Check-out settings
               - Check-in policies
               - Check-in notes

tf delete      Removes files and folders from Team Foundation version
               control and deletes them from the disk.

tf destroy     Destroys, or permanently deletes, version-controlled files from
               Team Foundation version control.

tf diff        Compares, and if it is possible, displays differences between 
               two files, files in two folders, or a shelveset and a local or
               server file.

tf dir         Displays all or part of the contents of Team Foundation version
               control.

tf folderdiff  Display a visual representation of the differences between files
               in two server folders, in a server folder and a local folder, or
               in two local folders.

tf get         Retrieves a read-only copy of a file from Team Foundation
               Server to the workspace and creates folders on disk to contain
               it.

tf help        Displays a help topic to the command-line that contains detailed
               information about a Team Foundation command.

tf history     Displays the revision history for one or more files and folders.

tf label       Attaches a label to or removes a label from a version of a file
               or folder in Team Foundation version control.

tf labels      Displays the list of labels in Team Foundation version control.

tf localversions  Displays the version of one or more items in a workspace.

tf lock        Locks or unlocks a file or folder to deny or restore the
               permissions of users to check out an item for edit into
               a different workspace or to check in pending changes to an item
               from a different workspace.

tf merge       Applies changes from one branch into another.

tf merges      Displays detailed information about past merges between
               the specified source and destination branches.

tf msdn        Launches the Microsoft Document Explorer to the documentation
               page for the command.

tf permission  Modifies the user access control list (ACL) and displays
               authorization settings for an item under version control.

tf properties  Displays information about items under version control.

tf proxy       Configures the proxy setting automatically or manually. You
               can also use the proxy command to add, delete, and list proxy
               server records.

tf rename      Changes the name or the path of a file or folder. You can use
               the rename command or the alias move, to move a file or folder
               to a new location.

tf resolve     Resolves conflicts between changed items in your workspace and
               the latest or destination versions of items on the server.

tf rollback    Rolls back the changes in a single or a range of changesets.

tf shelve      Stores a set of pending changes, together with pending check-in
               notes, a comment, and a list of associated work items in Team
               Foundation Server without actually checking them into the
               version control server.

tf shelvesets  Displays information about a set of shelved changes.

tf status      Displays information about pending changes to items in one or
               more workspaces.

tf undelete    Restores items that were previously deleted.

tf undo        Removes pending changes from a workspace.

tf unlabel     Removes an item from an existing label in Team Foundation
               version control.

tf unshelve    Restores shelved file revisions, check-in notes, comments, and
               work item associations to the current workspace or removes
               an existing shelveset from the server.

tf view        Retrieves a specific version of a file to a temporary folder on
               your computer and displays it.

tf workfold    Creates, modifies, or displays information about the mappings
               between your workspace folders and the Team Foundation version
               control folders.

tf workspace   Creates, deletes, displays, or modifies properties and mappings
               associated with a workspace.

tf workspaces  Displays information about workspaces in the system and updates
               cached information about a user name or computer name change on
               Team Foundation Server.
